we don't
come on girls alright so we just reset
the battery I go get a coffee from
Starbucks
[Music]
we have full possession to go to pool
I'm Mike Joyner I guess we sit
[Music]
I've got at least 12 people
I headed back now
[Music]
try to keep up let's go
get back
[Music]
all right made it back let's go upstairs
to score out of it thank you sometime
[Music]
so the kits gonna be here today so
hopefully when that comes it will solve
the issue we're gonna fix it up and go
for a ride test it out should be good
go back upstairs I've got the package
yeah let's check it out I almost feel
like there should be a pretty strong ice
cream
[Music]
what do you think freedom alright thanks
a lot for the shirt guys I really
appreciate it
that's not really needed shirts you
wanna go out for a ride all right so
here we go this is the issue we get
blinken red bottom battery indicator
upon solid so this is the exact issue we
always have mixed with a bridge you see
how there's a ridge here you wanna make
sure that Ridge goes over the connector
[Music]
okay alright when I go ahead and charge
the board up then go ahead and turn on
the booster board up and if you have an
Apple watch you'll get a notification
when the charge is completely right
frita so gives a minute centos a bunch
of stickers shut out the because our
feedback from the poll how was it yeah
freedom we're gonna go put it at feet on
the street you think that's a good spot
for it where we hang out of fueling
street and that way we can see it every
Friday so the board's charged ready to
go got the GoPro mounted with duct tape
all right let's go
[Applause]
we're at 100% battery let's go ahead and
sync up the audio
all right so it feels like we've
definitely got some more power girls
let's we go right up here
[Music]
oh yeah this much better
all right so we're gonna head to the
spot and feed on the street we're gonna
put this sticker on
and then later when I grab a beer watch
the sunset
and fly the drone
[Music]
most are for the skin
alright there's the spot
[Music]
guys are gonna snip it right there
we're simply thinkers so thanks to the
sticker mate all right let's go get up
evil from sISTAR local
[Music]
girls
Oh girls let's Groupon please move our
table so far the board working awesome
no problems
hopefully we get some more range to
it's awesome let's make it right up here
girls
let's go up on the church see if there's
a Pew
there is a view there's a little
cemetery down here how did we get down
there girls about the tower
[Music]
I've never been down here before
more stop power now
[Music]
[Applause]
your bagel
so nice here
this is where the Telus was Spring Fest
was cruise around a little more but I
think I would have call
[Music]
sweet
all right doc take never fails
[Music]
girls yeah this is nice and smooth I
love cruising down here we've got so
much more power now too
[Music]
we should be over a couple minutes
get back here
so yeah if you're having the red
lightness you definitely get boosted a
call cuz they'll fix you right up
before is working awesome now I mean I
can just blast up these cells no problem
let's make them right up here girls
won't go I will turn here cut through
the lobby this time time I stopped
working on day two of the Tassimo fest
but no worried because started out very
fruit are you ready yeah let's go
[Music]
[Applause]
we're gonna head to Goucher College now
girls
Cielo Khrushchev garages
and there's plenty to choose from
cut up here this is the cancer survivors
let's go
my girls try to keep up that's cut up
here girls
that's a nice park we've filmed there
before too like the fall or something
let's go up here come on girls
[Music]
we just wanna go
[Applause]
[Music]
just one time
misery is taking me home
[Music]
you
oh so somehow I lost this button here
just noticed it I'm sure we're hoping to
find it how do you replace something
like that I'm not sure what's going on
with that
[Music]
flip speeds down so I'm looking at the
lens I contacted the viewer so we're
going to go ahead and launch the drone
somewhere the girls want to chase some
helicopters there's a helicopter pad
right down the street here so we should
building up some good shots
oh that's um we're out of time
all right but seriously thanks for the
stickers
[Applause]
all right so my drunkest out should I
end up with the time-lapse
[Music]
one last time